Add automated Kubernetes tests to Smart Intersection (#639)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: metro-ai-suite/metro-vision-ai-app-recipe/smart-intersection/tests/README.md

  
  Replace `YOUR_MACHINE_IP` with the actual IP address of your machine. If you do not set those URLs, remote endpoint tests will be skipped.

**Note:** Some tests executed in the Kubernetes environment require privileged port forwarding using `kubectl port-forward` with `sudo`. In such cases (e.g., port 443), you need to set the `SUDO_PASSWORD` environment variable to your sudo password before running the tests, or they will fail.  

> ```bash
> export SUDO_PASSWORD=your_sudo_password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
export SUDO_PASSWORD=your_sudo_password
```bash
```

  
  Replace `YOUR_MACHINE_IP` with the actual IP address of your machine. If you do not set those URLs, remote endpoint tests will be skipped.

**Note:** Some tests executed in the Kubernetes environment require privileged port forwarding (e.g., port 443) using `kubectl port-forward` with `sudo`. In this case, you must set the `SUDO_PASSWORD` environment variable to your sudo password before running the tests, for example:

```bash
export SUDO_PASSWORD=your_sudo_password
```

If this variable is not set, tests that require privileged port forwarding will fail.

## Installation

> - Clone the repository and install prerequisites according to the following guides(for Kubernetes also set up proxy settings if needed):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clone the repository and install prerequisites according to the following guides (for Kubernetes also set up proxy settings if needed):
```

## Running tests

> Use `pytest` to run tests. You can run either Docker or Kubernetes based tests. By default, pytest executes Docker tests only. To run Kubernetes tests, use the `-m kubernetes` option. You can also use the `-m docker` option to explicitly run Docker-based tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `pytest` to run tests based on either Docker or Kubernetes, using the `-m docker` or `-m kubernetes` options. Docker is the default, so you do not need to define it explicitly.
```
